---
layout: post
time: "23:03"
title: 2020 Vision
---
Just recently my sight went below 20/20.  
I used to have 20/8 sight when I was younger  
and it slowely went down to 20/20 over the last few years.

During the last checkup it was *only* 20/22.  
Which is still good, but not 20/20.

Time for me to replace my 20/20 vision with my 2020 vision.

It's early in 2010 and most people have analyzed the predictions for 2009  
or mad new predictions for 2010.

Why not make some for 2020?

# My 2020 Vision #
(The geek edition)

In the year 2020, when I ask a friend:  
"Do you still remember? Only 10 years ago you had regular firefox crashes when you hit some bad flash?"  
My little boy will interrupt:
"Dad. What is flash? What is firefox? And how did you crash it?"

He never saw a flash based website.  
He never used firefox or another webbrowser.    
And the word crash is only used for the stock markets.

When systems - which we haven't called PCs for a long time - "crash",  
they actually have a "black screen". The things themselves don't "crash",  
they just temporarily lose connection to cloud, which has evolved from the internet.  
Thus systems "blacken" or they "drop".

Even cars don't "crash" anymore.  
Most cars have been gone for a while.  
Cars are for rich people and for entertainment.  
Mankind has evolved past that toy.  

There are no browsers anymore.  
Since there is no web.  
At least not as we know it today.  
There is a big cloud of information, that you can access.

The geeks are a dying race.  
After all, we were just the scouts and pioneers.  
Even the first settlers are barely remembered.  
Computers have long become a commodity.  
There are still some systems that remind us of things like the iPad,  
which paved the way for the mass access to technology,  
but the interfaces are not important anymore.  
You simply can and do access the cloud content.  
You don't care - or even fight - about the *how* of the access anymore.

On the energy side people in 2020 will have realized that
electricity isn't such a bad medium for energy transfer after all.

The last oil has been gone.  
Gas will be next;  
And burning wood is a crime.  

Electricity is used to heat your home and your water.  
It's used to power transportation.  
It's used for all kinds of energy needs.  
After all, electricity
* never runs out. It can be easily created.
* it can be transported around the globe in an instant.
* the transport is nearly costless.

Efficiency of electricity production has increased a lot.  
Solar energy converters will reach over 80%.  
Wind energy - pioneered and perfected by China - will reach over 90%.

95% of all energy needs will be supplied by clean sources (Sun, Wind & Water).  
There will still be some nuclear fission reactors, but they are becoming legacy.  
Nuclear fusion reactors are still a dream, which almost nobody believes in anymore.  

The social system will be radically different.

There were some major revolutions,  
after riots that broke out  
when people finally realized that the social system had failed.  
That social security was a lie to lull the masses.

The social net ensured only one thing:  
Those at the bottom would stay at the bottom.  
A system supporting lazyness and punishing effort had to fail.

After the riots the system were flushed of the crud that had clogged the system.  
People were once more reliant on themselves again.  

The whole advertising business broke down.  
People realized they had everything and didn't need anymore.  
They stopped buying stuff they didn't want with money they didn't have.  
The average working hours per week came down to 6-8 again,  
that's all that is needed to live and enjoy living.


**Note:**
This is not my 2020 prediction.  
This is somewhere between my 2020 dream and my 2020 nightmare.  
Only time will tell, if this will be my 2020 prophecy.

**Note 2:**
This started to drift slightly into the more distant future,  
especially at the end,  
but I still wanted to leave it here...

**Note 3:**
This vision is mixing a lot of different topics,  
which flow into each other.  
This flow mirrors how the real world is interwoven,  
but it also makes this post nearly unreadable.  
*I promise:*
I will write seperate posts for each of the topics,  
but for now *I just want you to get the baseline feeling for the future.*


