---
layout: post
title: "Wassup ?"
---
<h1>Wassup ?</h1>
(This post was autoconverted from the old news system,
it might look a little ... ugly until I find the time
to clean it up.
Sorry!)

    It seems that I have been blogging a lot of junk lately.
    
    So I'll let you in on what has been happening.
    
    1. I'm still together with Kathrin.
    She is the most amazing woman I ever met.
    And I sure do hope that we'll be together for a long time.
    
    2. My health is slowly getting better.
    Well, very slowly.
    I guess at this speed I'll be OK again in 2-3 years.
    Research of CPPS is slowly being ramped up.
    It's slowly shifting into the focus of doctors.
    Which is a good thing.
    I guess five years from now they will have "something" to fix it ... fast.
    
    3. Still shopping for a flat/house.
    I found a nice little flat (52 sqm) for around 55K Euro.
    But the real estate agent hasn't provided all documentation yet,
    so that is on hold.
    On the other hand there is a really nice loft (140 sqm) for 160K Euro.
    I'll go and have a look tomorrow.
    
    4. My company hasn't fired me yet.
    I think I really need a kick to get moving again,
    so getting fired would be a nice start...
    
    5. Other projects.
    Most of my other projects are slowly simmering.
    No major updates, but most of the are in a stable state right now.
    
    6. oxyride.de
    I had planned this to be my "next big thing",
    but  - due to lack of time - right now it's just another
    "parked domain".
    If you'd like to help out - and are good with php/mysql- be my guest and contact me.
    
    7. Blogging
    Well, an update a day ?
    Maybe not.
    But when something cool happens I'll let you know.
    
    8. Radio
    It's getting better and better.
    We ruined the Mera Luna interviews,
    but we plan to practice ... a lot...
    Maybe I'll do some podcasts of the upcoming interviews.
    

